Prerequirements for Installation
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 * A running MySQL database (5.0 or greater).
   The server *must* be configured to support InnoDB tables.
 * A webserver with PHP5 support.
 * PHP gettext support.


If something does not work
- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

PLEASE read our FAQ first. It is contained in the README file shipped with
this package.


Installation Instructions
- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

1. Copy the contents of the "src/" directory to your webserver, including all
   subdirectories.

2. Change the permissions of "src/data/" (recursively) so that the webserver
   can write into the directory. This can either be done somewhere in your
   FTP client (consult the documentation of the client in case you use one),
   or by using the following command on the webserver:

     chmod -R 777 src/data/

3. Edit the file "config.inc.php" according to your needs. It contains more
   documentation and should be self explaining.

4. Create your database tables using the file mysql_matpath.sql. If you have a
   rented webspace, you usually do this by loading the file in the phpMyAdmin
   tool provided by your webspace provider.

5. Open your web page, and click the user registration link to create an
   account. Make sure that your web server can send mails, because Freech will
   send an email to you when you register an account.

6. When the confirmation mail arrives, click the confirmation link and
   assign a new password.

7. Next you will have to grant administrator permissions to your account.
   You can do this by executing the following statement (using phpMyAdmin
   or any other SQL console):

     UPDATE freech_user SET group_id=1 WHERE username='Your Username';

  (Of course, replace "Your Username" by the registered username.)

8. Done. You can now log into Freech with administrator permissions.

Do not hesitate to contact me if you run into problems installing the
software. Also, do not forget to file bugs on the homepage if you find any.
