About Freech   [http://code.google.com/p/freech/]
- - - - - - -

This forum has been written 2003 by Samuel Abels and was rewritten in 2005
by Robert Weidlich and Samuel Abels. It has since been essentially rewritten 
by Samuel Abels. For more information see the AUTHORS file.
It is free software as distributed under the terms of the GPL which you should
have received along with this package.

Have Fun!
-Samuel



Additional Notes
- - - - - - - - -

Created a great theme? Send us a link and we will put it on the Freech
homepage. Please also let us know the Freech version number for which the
theme was created.
If you have translated Freech to a new language, send us the translation!



Installation Instructions
- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

See the INSTALL file shipped with this package.



FAQ
---

Q: The forum does not work, the trees are all broken when they get larger.
A: Your MySQL server does not support InnoDB tables. You need to delete all
   existing database tables, then configure MySQL to support InnoDB. After
   that, re-install Freech by following the instructions in the INSTALL file.

Q: I am logged out too often, Freech does not remember my session even when
   setting the flag in the login form.
A: For long session timeouts to work, your PHP installation has to support
   it. By default, PHP deletes a session after 1440 seconds.
   To increase this time you may add the following statement to your php.ini
   (on Unix/Linux systems usually in /etc/php5/apache2/php.ini):

     session.gc_maxlifetime = 1000000


Performance Tweaks
- - - - - - - - - -

There are several way in which you may increase the performance of
your Freech installation:

  - Deactivate unneeded Plugins. The difference between a minimal
    installation and one that has all the default plugins enabled
    is approx. 15%, depending on the page that you are viewing.

  - Look at the options listed in the performance tweaks section of
    default_config.inc.php. Enabling all of them may give you another
    speedup of 15 - 20%.

  - Install php-apc or a similar solution that provides include()
    caching. This is your best bet and provides for speedups of
    >400%.
